
This is the repository for the manuscript:

> Kohanovski*, Pontz*, Dahan, Pilpel, Yona, Ram. _Aneuploidy can be an evolutionary detour on the path to adaptation_.

## Repository structure

- `ms` folder contains the manuscript `ms.pdf`, and latex and other files that are needed to build it.
- `src/inference.py` - inference the parameters of the model using [`pyabc`](http://pyabc.readthedocs.io). Different priors are available. run `python inference.py` for usage instructions.
- `src/inference-noaneuploidy.py` - inference the parameters of the model with no aneuploidy
- `src/inference-neutralaneuploidy.py` - inference the parameters of the model with neutral aneuploidy
- `src/models/singleLocus.model.py` - the model that is used by the inference scripts
- `data/growth` - contains growth curves data that is used in the inference scripts as a prior for fitness distributions
- `results/` - inference execution results. Are used by the notebooks. Every folder of inference contains not only the inference `db` file, but also the source code (copy-paste of inference and model codes that were used) and the `params` file that contain all the parameters that the source code was executed with.
- `src/notebooks/` - notebooks that are used to draw figures, calculate HDI, WAIC and so on.
- `ms/ms.tex` contains reference for each notebook in comments for every figure and data that is generated by these notebooks.

## License

All code in this repo is licensed under the CC-BY-SA 4.0 license.

The licenses of the versions of the manuscript and preprint appear on the respective websites.
